Texas Economic Development - Marketing the Lone Star State

Dear TEDC Member:

Texas Economic Development (TxED) is pleased to introduce three new items to add to your economic development tool chest. The State Comparison Database, Texas Country Information, and NAFTA Center web sites are all designed to assist local economic development efforts. These products and other demographic and economic data can be found on our award-winning Business and Industry Data web site at www.bidc.state.tx.us.

With an ever-increasing emphasis on global trade opportunities and the ability to compete in world markets, information on other countries and our existing relationship with those countries is vital.  The Texas Country Information and NAFTA Center web sites are designed to help you easily access important international information.

On a more domestic front, The State Comparison web site shows comparative information on how Texas stacks-up to the other 49 states on over 200 economic and demographic variables.

These new products were developed to complement the wealth of resources provided by Texas Economic Development on our award-winning web site.  The attached brochure provides more details on the toolbox of resources currently available on the TxED web site.

As always, if we can assist you with your information needs, please contact the Business and Industry Data Center at 1-800-888-0511 or by e-mail at: bidc@tded.state.tx.us.

Sincerely,

Michael West
Director, Market Texas Clearinghouse
512-936-0292

Texas Economic Development markets Texas for tourism and business.
P.O. Box 12728  ?  1700 North Congress Avenue  ?  Austin, Texas  78711

This is a news update from the Texas Department of Economic Development.

If you would like your name removed from EconDev Update, reply to this message with the word "Remove" in the subject line.

Thanks for your continued support of the Texas Department of Economic Development, for more information go to our web address at: http://www.txed.state.tx.us