Good Morning! 
Bottom line: No Changes - Overall US conditions will return to a more normal late fall/early winter pattern (no Arctic air) over the next 2 days. This pattern will persist through the end of the month. 
For the near term (1-5): Bottom Line - Cooler weather will bring temperatures below normal from the beginning through the middle of the week in the Midwest and from the middle through the end of the week in the East and South. The below normal event will last 3 to 4 days before normal temperatures return. The Rockies and West will be normal to above normal with cooling by the end of the week.
Details: We see some cool anomalies arriving into the Midwest tomorrow, with temperatures in Chicago reaching highs late tonight and the mercury falling through the day tomorrow. By Tuesday, the South and Texas will be in the below normal category, with Dallas overnights in the mid-30s (normal low 43), Houston's low 40s (normal upper-40s) and Chicago will freeze, with a mid-20 overnight. Progressing into the Northeast by wednesday, Philly and New York will get into the below normal category, but 5 or 6 degree anomalies are most likely. Looks like a three day event as it moves easterly and then is followed by moderation.
6-10 Day Bottom Line: Variable conditions continue with a stormy pattern entrenched over much of the nation. Overall temperatures will be normal to cool with very wet conditions. NO strong Arctic air is expected.
Details: A strong storm will push into the West late next week and next weekend bringing heavy rain and snow and temperatures near to below normal. At the same time - the Midwest will warm toward normal with wet conditions developing. By early in the last week of November the strong western storm will push into the central U.S. bringing widespread rain and snow. Behind the system another surge of below normal temperatures will track from the Midwest to the South to the East.
11-15 Day a generally cool and wet weather pattern will persist over much of the nation. While NO Arctic air is clear on the horizon - temperatures on a national average will be cooler than normal and there will be an increased threat for rain and snow. 
So, with normals dropping across the nation, this first cool air anomaly event arriving in the Midwest by Tuesday will elevate the nation's gas demand requirements into the 60 Bcf/d plus regime from here on through the winter. Here's the strip beginning with today:
Sun 	11/18 	47 Bcfd 
Mon 	11/19 	54 Bcfd 
Tue 	11/20 	67 Bcfd 
Wed 	11/21 	69 Bcfd 
Thu 	11/22 	65 Bcfd 
Fri 	11/23 	62 Bcfd 
Sat 	11/24 	61 Bcfd 
Sun 	11/25 	62 Bcfd 
Mon 	11/26 	64 Bcfd 
Tue 	11/27 	63 Bcfd 
Till tomorrow, 
The Weather Team 