Market Participants:

Please assure that this Notification is forwarded to your respective
Operating Departments for Review ---

Notification of Operating Procedure Update

* The following new or revised ISO Operating Procedures have been
implemented and are posted for reference on the ISO Website.

ISO Operating Procedure posted:  E-514 Emergency BPA Spill Reduction,
Version: 1.1,      Effective Date: 8-9-00
Changes / Reasons: now fully authorized
Procedure Purpose: BPA has agreed to reduce spill on their river systems
(water presently being bypassed) and increase Generation in the like amount.
They will supply that Energy or capacity to the CAISO in an attempt to avoid
firm customer interruption within the CAISO Control Area.

ISO Operating Procedure posted:  T-103 Southern California Import Nomograms
(SCIT)
Version: 4.3,      Effective Date: 8-25-00
Changes / Reasons: updated for the increased Path 26 OTC
Procedure Purpose: This Operating Procedure describes limits on Southern
California imports based on the parameters of the East-of-River/Southern
California Import Transmission Nomogram (SCIT) for the 2000 Summer season
(Effective June 7, 2000).
The East-of-River/Southern California Import Transmission (SCIT) Nomogram
became effective on October 1, 1991, replacing the retired West Of the River
(WOR) Nomogram.

ISO Operating Procedure posted:  T-116 NORTHERN CA TRANSFER Nomogram (AC-DC)
Version: 3.5,      Effective Date: 8-25-00
Changes / Reasons: updated for the increased Path 26 OTC
Procedure Purpose: The purpose of the COI/NW-Sierra and PDCI north-to-south
operating Nomogram (AC/DC Nomogram) is to operate in conformance with the
WSCC Minimum Operating Reliability Criteria (MORC) and to protect the WSCC
system during heavy export conditions from the Northwest to the Southwest
from disturbances similar to those that occurred on July 2 and August 10,
1996.  The Nomograms are based on the loss of the Bipolar PDCI, a 2-unit
loss at Palo Verde, a 2-unit loss of Moss Landing, or a Table Mountain South
Double Line Outage.  The Nomograms are limited by post-transient Outages.


* Please find them at
http://www1.caiso.com/thegrid/operations/opsdoc/index.html under the
appropriate Operating Procedure section heading.

If you have any questions, please e-mail the 'Procedure Control Desk'
mailbox at procctrldesk@caiso.com and we will respond as soon as possible.

Thank-You,

Operations Support and Training
